Captions made possible by
HOME BOX OFFICE
A Division of TIME WARNER
ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, LP.
HI, MOM...
AND PAUL,
AND PATRICIA.
WELL, I'M HERE.
IT'S NOT EXACTLY
THE HOLIDAY INN,
AS YOU CAN SEE.
UM, MOSTLY, UH...
MOSTLY WE'RE FILLING SANDBAGS
AND CLEANING VEHICLE FILTERS.
IN THIS
PARTICULAR WAR
IT'S REALLY IMPORTANT
TO KEEP THE MECHANISMS CLEAN
BECAUSE OF
ALL THE SAND,
WHICH CAN BE AS MUCH
OF A THREAT AS ANY MISSILE
THAT SADDAM CAN SEND,
CAPT. SOMMERS SAYS.
UH, I CAN'T
SAY MUCH,
BUT PRETTY SOON WE'RE GONNA
GET INTO THE REAL ACTION
AND WE'RE WELL PREPARED,
I TELL YA.
( loud music playing )
GUYS, CAN YOU--
DO YOU MIND ?
I'M SENDING THIS HOME
TO MY FOLKS.
I'LL BE DONE
IN A MINUTE !
UH, WHAT ELSE ?
UH...
WE'RE PROTECTING
YOUR ASS, FOLKS !
I LOVE YOU, AMERICA,
THANK YOU !
C'MON, I'M JUST--
GUYS, YOU WANNA SAY HELLO
TO VICTOR'S FOLKS ?
HI, MOM !
( Victor )
C'MON, YOU GUYS,
DAMNIT !
SORRY, MOM.
SOME OF THESE GUYS
ARE KINDA CRAZY.
They're good soldiers.
I'm getting a lot of
responsibility here.
I think it's been
very beneficial
in terms of personal
leadership skills
and getting a job,
a lot more than
had I stayed at home.
Well, I've got a lot to do
before lights out,
so, until next time,
this is Private First Class
Victor Kowtch Signing off.
( male knocking )
HEY, BUDDY,
BROUGHT YOU
THE LATEST "SOUTH PARK".
( beeper vibrating )
FUCK, DAVID.
HEY, SLEEPYHEAD.
YOU KNOW,
I HAD THE WEIRDEST DREAM.
REALLY.
YEAH.
THIS GUY COMES
INTO MY HOUSE,
AT LIKE FOUR A.M.,
HE CLIMBS
INTO MY BED,
BUT, INSTEAD OF
HAVING HIS WAY WITH ME,
HE JUST
PASSES OUT !
AND ALL NIGHT LONG
HE KEEPS JERKING.
THAT IS WEIRD.
AND, HE TALKED
IN HIS SLEEP.
YEAH, WHAT'D
HE SAY ?
IT WAS COMPLETELY
UNINTELLIGIBLE,
BUT ANGRY.
THERE WAS EVEN
TEETH GRINDING.
THAT EXPLAINS
THE HEADACH ES.
I WAS THINKING THAT
EXPOSURE TO FORMALDEHYDE
HAD GIVEN ME
A BRAIN TUMOR.
HEY, WOULD YOU LIKE
SOME CAFFEINE WITH THAT TUMOR ?
OKAY.
DAVID,
I CAN'T.
( David )
Why not ?
BECAUSE LAST NIGHT
I DROVE MR. SENOPOLIS' BODY
ALL THE WAY TO SAN JOSE,
THEN STRAIGHT BACK,
I BARELY GOT
FOUR HOURS SLEEP.
AND FRANKLY,
I'M GETTING TIRED
OF ALWAYS GE'I'I'ING
THE SHI'I'I'Y JOBS YOU DON'T WANT.
I'm half owner
of this business.
YOU CAN'T LEGALLY
DO INTAKE WITHOUT ME.
YOU'RE NOT A LICENSED
FUNERAL DIRECTOR.
I'm getting my license
next month.
IF YOU
PASS THE TEST.
HEY, THANKS FOR
THE VOTE OF CONFIDENCE.
HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO
STUDY FOR THAT TEST
ON ONLY FOUR HOURS
SLEEP A NIGHT ?
COFFEE AND DIET PILLS
WORKED FOR ME.
Nate, I can't pick her up,
I've got a deacon's meeting,
AND RICO'S GOT
VAN ESSA'S ULTRASOUND.
SHIT, THE LAST TIME
I HAD TO PICK SOMEBODY UP
AT A NURSING HOME,
NOBODY HAD EVEN
TOLD THE ROOMMATE SHE WAS DEAD.
I HAD TO.
Just be thankful
we've got the business.
JUST THANKFUL
I'M NOT YOU.
WHAT ?
OH, IT'S MR. SENOPOLIS,
SORRY.
FUCK, I SMELL LIKE
A DEAD GUY !
NO, YOU SMELL FINE.
YOUR LIFE STINKS,
YOU COMPLAIN ALL THE TIME,
AND THAT'S REALLY DULL.
HUH.
DIDN'T REALIZE
I WAS BORING YOU.
NATE, YOU NEED
TO TAKE A BREAK,
SOME MAJOR STRESS RELEASE
THAT'S NOT ME.
IT'S TOO MUCH
RESPONSIBILITY.
I THOUGHT YOU LIKED BEING
AN UNDERTAKER'S GIRLFRIEND.
IS THAT WHAT
I AM TO YOU ?
YOUR GIRLFRIEND ?
I LIKE TO THINK OF YOU
AS MY MISTRESS.
WELL, THEN,
YOU BETTER START BUYING ME
A LOT MORE SHIT, MISTAH.
GOD, I LOVE YOU.
OKAY...
I SAID IT,
LET'S JUST MOVE ON.
LET'S GO TO
TWO BUNCH PALMS THIS WEEKEND.
UH, WHAT ?
FUCK IT, YES,
I'M GONNA TAKE THE WEEKEND OFF
AND DAVID CAN JUST BITE ME.
THIS WEEKEND ?
YEAH, WE'LL
SIT IN HOT MUD,
WE'LL GET MASSAGES,
WE'LL EAT LIKE PIGS,
WE'LL DRINK A LOT.
IF WE LEAVE FRIDAY NIGHT
WE CAN BE NAKED
FOR TWO WHOLE DAYS.
I GOT THREE CLIENTS
THIS SATURDAY.
WELL, POSTPON E,
CANCEL, LIE.
C'MON, WE'VE NEVER
TAKEN A TRIP TOGETHER,
WE NEED
TO DO THIS.
TWO WHOLE DAYS ?
WHAT IF WE
DRIVE EACH OTHER CRAZY ?
WE DON'T.
HOVERING.
CLAIRE, I'VE INVITED
A FRIEND OF MINE OVER
FOR DINNER TONIGHT.
OKAY.
AND I WANT YOU
TO BE NICE TO HIM.
IS THIS THE GUY ?
THE GUY THAT--
YES.
OKAY.
( male )
THANKS FOR YOUR PATIENCE,
EVERYBODY,
I KNOW WE'RE
RUNNING LATE.
BY THE WAY, I SPOKE TO
FATHER CLARK THIS MORNING.
HE'S HOLDING UP WELL.
HE SAYS YOU FOLKS ARE THE MOST
THOROUGH SEARCH COMMITTEE
HE HAS EVER
ENCOUNTERED.
DAVID, I UNDERSTAND YOU'RE
THE LAST ONE TO MEET WITH HIM.
THIS AFTERNOON.
GOOD, WE'VE BEEN
INTERVIEWING
ASSOCIATE PRIESTS
FOR THREE MONTHS.
IT'LL BE NICE
TO HAVE AN OPEN MIND.
CLARK STRUCK ME
AS A PLAYER,
MAN OF GOD,
WANTS TO LISTEN,
BUT THERE'S
EGO THERE.
( female )
YOU DIDN'T
WANT JACK.
CONNIE, YOU SAY THAT SO EASILY
AND YOU KNOW IT'S NOT TRUE.
I'VE NEVER SEEN YOU
SO DESPERATE.
LISTEN, YOU FOLKS
HAVE TO REPRESENT
THE WHOLE CONGREGATION.
AND BELIEVE ME,
IF CLARK'S NOT RIGHT,
I'M READY TO START OVER
FROM THE BEGINNING.
LET'S VOTE
RIGHT NOW.
YOU KNOW HIM, DAVID,
HE'S BEEN A VISITING RECTOR.
YOU GOT HIS RESUME.
ALL THE DEACONS ARE HERE,
THERE'S NO REASON
WHY YOU CAN'T VOTE NOW.
I'LL BE HAPPY
TO LEAVE THE ROOM.
NO, I WANNA MEET
WITH FATHER CLARK MYSELF
SO I CAN MAKE
THE MOST INFORMED DECISION.
THIS HOW
IT WORKS, JACK ?
YOU BRING IN
THE NEW GENERATION DEACON,
THE NEW DEACON BRINGS IN
THE RADICAL PRIEST YOU WANT ?
I CAN ASSURE YOU
THERE'S NO AGENDA HERE,
MR. KRIEGENTHALER.
EXCEPT YOURS.
DON'T WORRY, DAVE.
I HAD A PARISH IN OHIO
WHERE PUNCHES GOT THROWN.
STEELWORKERS.
ST. BART'S DOESN'T
EVEN COME CLOSE.
ACTUALLY, DAVID,
YOUR FATHER
WAS AGAINST JACK HERE.
AND AS I SAID
AT THE TIME,
YOUR FATHER
WAS WRONG.
( Brenda )
ROLL OVER.
OKAY, OKAY,
THERE YOU GO,
THERE YOU GO.
( laughing and moaning )
WOW !
FUCK, BILLY !
FUCK YOU !
I'VE SEEN PICTURES OF THIS
ON THE INTERNET, BUT--
THE RULE IS YOU CALL
BEFORE YOU COME OVER, OKAY ?!
I'M SORRY, I WAS
BIKING DOWN THE BOARDWALK,
I DIDN'T HAVE
MY CELLPHONE ON ME.
GOOD MORNING, NATE.
BILL.
OH, BREN, I GOT SOME
FUCKING AMAZING SHOTS
OF THESE HOOKERS ON SUNSET
I WANNA SHOW YOU.
REAL HUMAN TRAGEDY SHIT.
I THINK
THEY'RE REALLY GOOD.
WELL, YOUR MOM
WALKED IN ON US ONCE.
SO, I GUESS
WE'RE EVEN.
( Billy)
THIS CHICK HAS SEEN THE FUCKING
WORST LIFE HAS TO OFFER.
( Brenda )
JESUS, BILLY,
THESE ARE INCREDIBLE.
( Billy )
AND WHAT IS THAT THING
ON HER NECK ?
SHE'S GOT LIKE THIS BIG TUMOR
AND SHE'S STILL TURNING TRICKS.
AND YOU JUST KNOW
THERE IS SOME FREAK
FOR WHOM THAT IS
A BIG TURN-ON.
I LOVE THE BANK OF AMERICA
IN THE BACKGROUND.
WELL, I HAVE TO
GO TO WORK.
BRING OUT
YOUR DEAD !
THEY'RE GREAT.
DON'T FORGET,
CANCEL THOSE APPOINTMENTS
ON SATURDAY.
SEE YOU LATER.
SO, WHAT'S
SATURDAY ?
WE'RE GOING TO
CALIFORNIA CACT US WORLD
OUT ON
ROSEMEADE BOULEVARD.
I WANNA GET SOMETHING
REALLY WEIRD TO PLANT OUT BACK.
YO, DAVE !
( Dave )
IN HERE !
I'M SORRY, THERE WAS
AN ACCIDENT ON THE 405.
BOTH CARS TOTALED.
I SHOULD'VE STOPPED
AND HANDED OUT CARDS.
THIS IS PAUL KOVITCH,
HIS BROTHER VICTOR
JUST PASSED AWAY.
I'M SORRY.
THIS IS
MY BROTHER, NATE.
PAUL KOVITCH,
YOU WENT TO BONAVENTURE HIGH.
YEAH.
I WAS THERE WHEN YOU PINNED
THAT HUGE GUY FROM EUREKA
AND WON THE STATE
WRESTLING CHAMPIONSHIP.
YOU WERE THE MAN !
ME AND MY FRIENDS
WERE SO JEALOUS
'CAUSE WE ALL KNEW HOW MUCH
YOU WERE GETTING LAID.
YOU WRESTLE ?
NO, PLAYED A LITTLE BASEBALL,
BUT WE ALWAYS LOST.
SO, WHAT ARE
YOU DOING NOW ?
I RUN KOVITCH TRUCKING
UP IN CAMARILLO.
WHY, SO YOU KNOW
HOW EXPENSIVE YOU CAN BE ?
NO, UH--
PAUL AND I WERE JUST
GOING OVER THE OPTIONS
FOR HIS BROTHER'S
FUNERAL.
OKAY, I RUN A BUSINESS TOO,
LET'S JUST CUT RIGHT TO IT.
OF COURSE.
I BURIED BOTH MY PARENTS,
AND, NO OFFENSE,
BUT I HATE YOU GUYS,
I HATE WHAT YOU DO.
THE WHOLE THING OF
"LET'S ALL GATH ER,
AND LOOK AT THIS
PLASTIC DEAD VERSION
OF OUR LOVED ONE."
IT'S REALLY TWISTED.
I WANT VICTOR
CREMATED.
NO COFFIN.
PUT HIM IN ONE OF THOSE
CARDBOARD BOXES
YOU CHARGE
100 BUCKS FOR.
I'LL TAKE HIM UP TO
WHERE OUR MOTHER'S BURIED
UP IN TEHACHAPI,
AND LET HIS ASHES
BLOW AWAY.
I SEE VICTOR'S
A VETERAN,
IF YOU'D LIKE WE CAN
RESEARCH ANY DEATH BENEFITS
HE MIGHT BE DUE.
NO, VIC HATED
THE ARMY.
ME AND HIM BEEN FIGHTING
THE ARMY FOR SEVEN YEARS.
HIS UNIT CLEANED UP A PLACE
CALLED BUNKER 73
IN THE IRAQI DESERT.
CHEMICALS ALL OVER,
SADDAM'S STUFF
WE BLEW UP.
AS SOON AS HE CAME BACK
HE GOT SICK.
LUNG CANCER
AT THE AGE OF 29,
NEVER SMOKED
A DAY IN HIS LIFE.
STILL NO ONE WILL SAY THE WORDS
"GULF WAR SYNDROME".
HE JUST WASTED AWAY
IN AND OUT OF THAT HOSPITAL.
SO, FUCK THE ARMY.
LET 'EM KEEP
THEIR FUCKING MONEY.
I GOTTA FLY UP TO IDAHO FALLS
TO TELL MY STEPFATHER.
HE'S GOT ALZHEIMER'S,
I DON'T KNOW
IF HE'LL HEAR ME OR NOT.
YOU'RE ABSOLUTELY SURE YOU
WOULDN'T LIKE THE OPPORTUNITY
TO SAY GOODBYE
TO VICTOR BEFORE-- ?
I ALREADY SAID GOODBYE.
JUST DO IT.
AND AS FOR A RECEPTACLE
FOR HIS CREMAINS--
A PAPER SACK
OUGHTA DO JUST FINE.
900 BUCKS.
WELL, HE OBVIOUSLY DOESN'T KNOW
ABOUT THE POSEIDON SOCIETY,
OR THAT'S 900
WE'D BE OUT OF.
THAT GUY WAS THE SHIT
WHEN I WAS IN HIGH SCHOOL.
I NEVER EVEN KNEW
HE HAD A BROTHER.
IT'S TIME YOU
INTRODUCED YOURSELF,
HE'S AT
THE V.A. HOSPITAL.
ALRIGHT, FIRST I JUST GOTTA
TALK TO YOU ABOUT SOMETHING.
NATE, IT'S OUT OF THE QUESTION,
I CANNOT SPARE YOU.
WE HAVE THREE BODIES
RIGHT NOW.
WHAT IS THE PROBLEM ?
MR. JACOBSEN'S GOING
INTO THE GROUND TOMORROW,
AND VIC KOVITCH
WILL BE TOAST BY THE WEEKEND.
WHAT IF WE GET
ANOTHER BODY ?
ORTWO?
WE CANNOT AFFORD
TO TURN DOWN BUSINESS,
NO, I'M SORRY.
I DON'T NEED
YOUR PERMISSION.
DO YOU KNOW HOW LONG IT'S BEEN
SINCE I'VE HAD TWO DAYS OFF ?
SEE, HERE'S
THE DIFFERENCE,
YOU'RE WILLING
TO LIVE LIKE THAT,
I'M NOT.
I'VE INVITED MY FRIEND
HIRAM GUNDERSON OVER
TO DINNER TONIGHT.
YOU'RE WELCOME
TO JOIN US.
WOULDN'T A RESTAURANT
BE BETTER ?
THIS IS
OUR HOME.
THIS IS MY HOME.
OH, THE CAMPING GUY.
OKAY.
CAN I BRING
BRENDA ?
HIRAM WILL BE
COOKING.
HE SPENT 17 YEARS
AS A TOP CHEF IN CHICAGO.
THE FOOD CRITIC
OF "THE SUN TIMES"
CALLED HIM "THE FATHER
OF THE NEW RUSTIC CUISINE".
AND THEN,
HE GAVE IT ALL UP
TO BECOME
A HAIRDRESSER.
AND HE HAS
NEVER BEEN HAPPIER !
( female )
YOU'RE MULTIPLYING
DIFFERING VARIABLES,
SO, YOU HAVE TO
SIMPLIFY.
OKAY, AND THEN FINALLY,
OOPS, LOOK AT THAT,
SAME VARIABLE,
OKAY ?
FOUR AND FOUR
GIVES US WHAT ?
EIGHT !
AND FINALLY,
THESE TWO BINOMIALS,
RIGHT HERE,
ARE EXACTLY THE SAME,
SO, WE WHAT ?
COMBINE !
TWO, X TO THE THIRD,
Y TO THE FOURTH.
OKAY ?
ANY QUESTIONS ?
CLAIRE FISHER.
WHAT ?
CAN YOU EXPLAIN THIS FORMULA
TO THE CLASS ?
NOT REALLY.
MAYBE IF YOU PAID ATTENTION
IN CLASS INSTEAD OF READING.
MAYBE IF YOU
TALKED ABOUT SOMETHING
THAT WAS ACTUALLY GONNA
BE USEFUL TO ME I WOULD.
OH, ALGEBRA
IS USELESS, MM-HMM.
I KNOW A LOT OF PHYSICISTS
WHO'D BEG TO DIFFER.
WELL, I DON'T WANT
TO BE A PHYSICIST.
ALGEBRA FORCES YOUR MIND
TO SOLVE PROBLEMS LOGICALLY.
IT'S ONE OF THE ONLY
PERFECT SCIENCES IN THE WORLD--
YOU THINK THE WORLD
RUNS ON LOGIC ?
C'MON,
OPEN YOUR EYES.
OKAY, I'LL SEE YOU
AFTER CLASS, MISS FISHER.
WHAT ARE
YOU DOING ?
OW!
NOW, LET'S
TRY ANOTHER ONE,
AND I'M GONNA MAKE THIS
A LITTLE TOUGHER.
( teacher )
OKAY, X TO THE A POWER,
TIMES Y
TO THE B POWER.
OKAY, NOW
WE'VE GOT TWO...
OF COURSE WE HAVE CATALOGS
FOR WEDDING PACKAGE.
BUT YOU HAVE TO
COME IN AND LOOK,
I CAN'T SHOW YOU
OVER THE PHONE.
WEBSITE ?
WHAT WEBSITE ?
WE DON'T
HAVE WEBSITE.
MISTER, YOU HAVE TO COME INTO
MY SHOP AND LOOK AT MY WORK.
"WEBSITE. "
AH, THE DAY
JUST GETS BRIGHTER.
HUSH.
SO, WHO'S
DEAD NOW ?
AND WHAT YOU NEED ?
NOBODY'S DEAD.
I CAME TO RETURN
THESE VASES.
YOU SHOULD RECYCLE THEM,
SAVE A LITTLE MONEY.
SO THOUGHTFUL,
I AM TOUCHED.
DON'T BE SILLY,
IT'S WASTEFUL, THAT'S ALL.
HERE.
YOU STILL HAVE
THAT SIGN IN THE WINDOW.
YES, YOU KNOW
SOMEBODY GOOD ?
I DO...
ME.
YOU ?
I AM INTERESTED,
LET'S TALK.
ROBBIE,
I GOING TO LUNCH.
I'M NOT GOING
TO LUNCH WITH YOU, NIKOLAI.
I'M SEEING SOMEONE.
SO WHAT ?
THIS IS BUSINESS.
I HOPE SO.
BECAUSE OTHERWISE
I WITHDRAW MY OFFER.
TELL ME,
WHY I SHOULD HIRE YOU ?
I'VE BEEN WORKING WITH PEOPLE
FOR OVER 30 YEARS,
AND I KNOW HOW TO
TREAT THEM WITH RESPECT.
I RESPECT
PEOPLE TOO.
YOU'RE POMPOUS AND ARROGANT
AND YOU'RE FULL OF YOURSELF.
YOU ACT LIKE
THE CUSTOMER NEEDS YOU.
OF COURSE
THE CUSTOMER NEEDS ME.
I HAVE
WHAT HE WANTS.
YOU'LL NEVER BUILD
A BUSINESS THAT WAY.
I'M BETTER WITH PEOPLE
AND I KNOW ABOUT FLOWERS.
AND IF YOU DON'T THINK SO
YOU CAN FIRE ME.
FIRE YOU ?
HOW I CAN FIRE YOU,
YOU DON'T EVEN WORK YET ?
MY PARISH IN NEW MEXICO,
I THINK THEY WERE AFRAID OF ME.
THEY RECOMMEND
YOU HIGHLY.
THEY ALWAYS DO
AFTER I'M GONE.
I WON'T LIE
TO YOU, DAVID,
I'LL PUSH FOR
SOME CHANGE AT ST. BART'S.
THIS IS ONE OF
THOSE CONGREGATIONS
THAT THINKS SITTING
THROUGH CHURCH ONCE A WEEK
ABSOLVES THEM OF
ALL MORAL RESPONSIBILITY
AND THEY CAN IGNORE
THE PLIGHT OF OTHERS.
DON'T GET ME WRONG,
THEY'RE GOOD PEOPLE.
THEY'RE JUST LAZY.
I DON'T THINK THAT'S
ENTIRELY FAIR, CLARK.
WE HAVE
A HOMELESS OUTREACH--
YOU KNOW YOU'RE
THE SWING VOTE.
I'VE BEEN A DEACON
THREE WEEKS,
I'M STILL GETTING
USED TO HOW POLITICAL
THE WHOLE THING IS.
RELIGION IS
POLITICS, DAVID.
JESUS WAS
A REVOLUTIONARY.
AND THEY'D DO
THE SAME THING TO HIM TODAY.
I'M NOT SURE HOW MUCH
LUCK YOU'LL HAVE
GETTING ST. BART'S
TO STAGE A COUP.
THE LAST THING THAT GOD
WANTS FROM US IS COMPLACENCY.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD
BE IN THE PEACE CORP.
ALREADY DONE IT.
THREE YEARS
IN NICARAGUA,
FRESH OUT OF
DIVINITY SCHOOL.
THAT'S WHERE
I LOST MY WIFE.
I'M SORRY.
THE HARDEST PART
ABOUT MY WORK IS
THE FACT THAT
MOST PEOPLE DON'T WANT
A REAL RELATIONSHIP
WITH GOD.
SURE, THEY'LL PRAY TO A MAN
NAILED TO A CROSS,
BUT THEY'LL IGNORE
A GAY KID WHO GETS STRUNG UP,
OR THE BLACK MAN
WHO GETS DRAGGED BEHIND A CAR,
OR SOMEONE'S MOTHER
LIVING IN A BOX.
WERE YOU THIS FORTHCOMING
WITH THE OTHER DEACONS ?
HARDLY.
WHAT DID YOU
AND WALTER KRIEGENTHALER
TALK ABOUT ?
GOLF.
SO, WHY DID YOU DECIDE
TO BE SO HONEST WITH ME ?
BECAUSE I CAN TELL
THAT RIGHT AND WRONG
ACTUALLY MATTER
TO YOU.
THIS THING
IS FUCKING MEDIEVAL.
WE GOTTA GET IT FIXED
BEFORE SOMEBODY LOSES A FINGER.
YOU NEVER CARED
UNTIL IT WAS YOUR FINGER.
RICO, A LITTLE HELP ?
WHY SHOULD I ?
IT'S BECAUSE OF YOU
I'M GONNA BE WORKING
DOUBLE SHIFTS THIS WEEKEND.
OKAY, THAT'S JUST
DAVID BEING DRAMATIC.
WE'D HAVE TO GET
AT LEAST TWO NEW BODIES
FOR THAT TO BE NECESSARY.
THEY COME IN BIGGER
NUMBERS THAN THAT.
JUST FORGET IT,
I KNOW THE SCORE.
IT'S NEVER GONNA BE
"FISHER & SONS & DIAZ",
I KNOW THAT.
LET'S SEE
WHAT WE GOT.
THIS ONE'S A DIRECT CREMATION,
NOTHIN' FOR YOU.
OH, FUCK,
WHAT IS THAT ?
SHOULDN'T JUST BURN PEOPLE
LIKE THEY'RE GARBAGE.
WHAT THE ?
LOOK, IT CAME
WITH FRIES.
LOOK AT THIS.
DOESN'T EVEN LOOK
LIKE THE SAME GUY, DOES IT ?
THIS SAYS HE APPLIED TO BE
BURIED AT THE NATIONAL CEMETERY.
HERE'S SIGNED REQUESTS
FOR A FLAG-FOLD,
MILITARY ESCORT.
OH, MAN, THEN
YOU CAN'T BURN HIM.
I CAN MAKE HIM
LOOK LIKE THAT AGAIN.
WELL, ALMOST.
( male )
YOU CAN ACE ALGEBRA, CLAIRE,
AND WE BOTH KNOW IT.
POWER RESTS ON THE KIND OF
KNOWLEDGE ONE HOLDS.
WHAT'S THE USE OF KNOWING
SOMETHING THAT'S USELESS ?
DON'T QUOTE
CASTENEDA AT ME.
WHY NOT ? YOU QUOTE
BOB DYLAN AT ME.
YOU NEED ALGEBRA
FOR COLLEGE.
SEE, YOU'RE JUST ASSUMING
I'M GOING TO COLLEGE.
I KNOW YOU'RE TAKING
THE P.S.A.T. TOMORROW AFTERNOON.
THAT MEANS
YOU'RE THINKING ABOUT IT.
IS THAT
THE ONLY OPTION ?
GO TO COLLEGE,
GET A JOB,
SO YOU CAN
BE A GOOD CONSUMER,
UNTIL YOU DROP DEAD
OF EXHAUSTION,
I DON'T WANT THAT !
SO, WHAT
DO YOU WANT ?
I JUST WANT
SOMETHING TO MATTER.
MAYBE I SHOULD WANDER AROUND
THE DESERT AND EAT PEYOTE
AND SEE GOD.
YEAH, BE A HOMELESS
DRUG ADDICT.
YOU'D GET BORED WITH THAT
PRETTY FAST.
HEY, HAVE YOU HEARD OF
THE SIERRA CROSSROADS PROGRAM ?
WHAT'S THAT, LIKE
BUNGEE JUMPING FOR JESUS ?
NO, IT'S NOT AFFILIATED
WITH ANY RELIGION.
IT'S ACTUALLY
A GREAT PROGRAM.
I SPENT A COUPLE OF YEARS THERE
AS AN INSTRUCTOR.
YOU MIGHT
REALLY LIKE IT.
WHY ?
BECAUSE IT WOULD
GET YOU OUT OF YOURSELF,
GET YOU
OUT OF YOUR HEAD.
NOW, I'LL WARN YOU,
IT'S HARD,
BUT EXHILARATING.
I THINK IT MIGHT
JUST GIVE YOU THE CHALLENGE
YOU'RE LOOKING FOR.
THERE'S AN EXPEDITION
GOING OUT OVER SPRING BREAK,
I COULD PULL
SOME STRINGS,
SEE IF I COULD
GET YOU IN.
WHY DO YOU CARE
WHAT HAPPENS TO ME ?
BECAUSE I LIKE YOU.
AND I WANNA SEE
GOOD THINGS HAPPEN FOR YOU
AND I KNOW THEY CAN.
WE HAD TO DIG
HIS SERVICE RECORDS
OUT OF ST. LOUIS.
THEN THERE'S THE BIG QUESTION
OF WHETHER HIS CANCER
WAS SERVICE RELATED.
THAT MEANS FINDING A DOCTOR
WHO THINKS IT WAS.
IT TOOK ME FOUR MONTHS
TO GET ALL THE APPROVALS,
BUT IT MEANS A BURIAL ALLOWANCE
OF UP TO 1500 FROM THE V.A.
MIGHT AS WELL
TAKE THAT STUFF TOO.
I PACKED
IT UP FOR HIM.
THAT'S TOO BAD NOBODY
TOLD HIS BROTHER WHAT HE WANTED.
I DID.
OH, YEAH,
I GAVE PAUL THE FORMS.
I FOUND THEM
LATER IN THE TRASH.
IT'S MOSTLY SOMEBODY ELSE'S
WRITING ON THE FORMS.
IT DOESN'T MATCH
VICTOR'S SIGNATURE AT ALL.
I FILLED THEM
OUT FOR HIM.
HE TRIED TO
DO IT HIMSELF, BUT,
THOSE BOXES
ARE PRETTY SMALL,
AND HE SHOOK
A LOT.
"GULF WAR
VICTORY PARADE".
VICTOR SAID MARCHING IN IT
WAS THE PROUDEST MOMENT
IN HIS LIFE.
WHY WOULD HE KEEP IT
AND WATCH IT OVER AND OVER
IF HE HATED THE ARMY ?
DID PAUL
VISIT HIM MUCH ?
YEAH, THREE OR FOUR
TIMES A WEEK.
HE WAS REALLY
GOOD ABOUT IT.
SO, HOW COM E--
HE COULDN'T.
PAUL WOULD SAY, "THE FUCKING
ARMY STOLE YOUR LIFE, VIC."
AND VIC WOULD
KEEP HIS MOUTH SHUT.
I CAN TELL YOU THIS,
VICTOR WANTED
TO BELIEVE
THAT WHAT HE DID IN THE GULF
MEANT SOMETHING,
THAT HIS LIFE
WAS NOT A WASTE.
BUT, HEY, I ONLY
COUNSEL THE VETERAN,
I'M NOT SUPPOSED TO INTERFERE
WITH WHAT THE FAMILY WANTS.
SO YOU TAPED HIS MEDALS
TO HIS CHEST,
FISHED HIS FILES
OUT OF THE TRASH
AND PASSED THEM ONTO ME.
WELL, YOU CAN
ALWAYS BLOW IT OFF.
I MEAN, YOU DIDN'T EVEN
KNOW THE GUY, RIGHT ?
WHAT ARE
YOU DOING ?
THERE WAS A FORM THAT SAID
HE'S GETTING A MILITARY FUNERAL.
WHO AUTHORIZED THIS,
NATE ?
UH, YEAH.
GODDAMNIT, HOW MANY TIMES
HAVE I TOLD YOU,
WHEN NATE GIVES YOU
INSTRUCTIONS,
YOU ARE TO CHECK
WITH ME FIRST.
TURN HIM OFF.
I'LL DRIVE HIM
TO THE CREMATORIUM RIGHT NOW.
DO I HAVE TO
DO IT MYSELF ?
FUCKING NATE.
PAUL KOVITCH IS
WHO OUR CONTRACT IS WITH,
AND IF HE
FINDS OUT ABOUT THIS
HE WILL EITHER SUE US
OR BREAK OUR LEGS.
TOMATOES
RIGHT THERE.
WOW.
LOOK WHO'S HERE.
HELLO,
MRS. FISHER.
HELLO, DEAR.
HELLO,
I'M BRENDA.
HIRAM GUNDERSON.
WHY, YES,
I DO.
I WISH I COULD TELL YOU
WHERE NATE IS,
BUT I HAVE
NO IDEA.
UH, IT'S OKAY,
I CAN EXIST WITHOUT HIM.
TOASTED SESAME SEEDS
IN THE SALAD ?
YES, THAT WOULD
BE LOVELY.
THERE'S MY
LITTLE GIRL.
CLAIRE, HONEY,
THIS IS HIRAM GUNDERSON.
PLEASURE TO
MEET YOU, CLAIRE.
HI.
THIS IS DELICIOUS,
MRS. FISHER.
HIRAM IS
A CHEF.
I CAN'T GET ENOUGH
OF HIS COCK !
MOM, I NEED $1200 SO I CAN GO
TO SIERRA CROSSROADS
OVER SPRING BREAK.
AND I NEED YOU
TO SIGN THIS FORM
IN CASE
I DIE OR SOMETHING.
IS THIS
A SCHOOL TRIP ?
NO, YOU GO TO THE MOUNTAINS
AND CONFRONT FEAR,
AND GET IN TOUCH
WITH YOUR MOST BASIC SELF.
IT LOOKS GOOD
ON YOUR COLLEGE APPLICATION.
( Nate )
SORRY I'M LATE,
THERE WAS THIS MAJOR ACCIDENT
ON THE LONG BEACH FREEWAY.
YOU ALWAYS SEEM TO HIT
THE BAD TRAFFIC.
HI, I'M NATE.
HIRAM, I'VE HEARD
A LOT ABOUT YOU.
DON'T BELIEVE
A WORD OF IT.
HEY, I'M SORRY.
DON'T BE,
I'M HAVING FUN.
SO, WHAT DID
I MISS ?
I WANNA GO
TO SIERRA CROSSROADS.
WE'LL TALK ABOUT IT
LATER, CLAIRE.
OH, MOM, YOU SHOULD LET HER GO,
CROSSROADS IS GREAT.
( Claire )
YOU WENT ?
YEAH, WE WENT KAYAKING
DOWN THE COLORADO RIVER
THE SUMMER
I WAS 17.
I DON'T THINK YOU WERE
EVEN BORN YET.
I DON'T
REMEMBER THIS.
AH...
THAT'S BECAUSE
I LIED TO YOU AND DAD.
I KNEW DAD WOULD
NEVER LET ME GO,
SO I TOLD YOU I WAS GOING
TO SACRAMENTO FOR THREE DAYS
TO WITNESS
STATE GOVERNMENT IN ACTION.
OH, BY THE WAY, EVERYONE,
I GOT A JOB.
COOL.
I'LL BE WORKING
AT NIKOLAI'S FLOWER SHOP.
I START TOMORROW.
IT'S JUST
PART-TI M E.
YOU DIDN'T TELL ME
ABOUT THAT.
DIDN'T I ?
NEED SOME HELP ?
INCIDENTALLY, NATE,
I DROPPED VICTOR KOVITCH OFF
I NEED YOU TO PICK HIM UP
FIRST THING TOMORROW.
OH, FUCK, DAVID,
HE WANTED A MILITARY FUNERAL.
HE FILLED OUT
THE FORMS.
IS HE PAYING
OUR BILL ?
YOU WERE THERE
WITH HIS BROTHER.
IT WAS CLEAR HE DID NOT
WANT THE BODY EMBALMED.
HE COULD SUE US
AND WE WOULDN'T HAVE A CASE.
OKAY,
YOU KNOW WHAT ?
WHEN YOU
TALK TO ME LIKE THIS
IT MAKES ME WANNA NOT LISTEN
TO A THING YOU SAY.
YOU AND I COULD
LOSE EVERYTHING.
MOM COULD
LOSE HER HOME.
YOU KNOW,
VIC IS ELIGIBLE
FOR A MUCH BIGGER
BURIAL ALLOWANCE FROM THE V.A.
THAN WE THOUGHT.
REALLY ?
UH, I'M LEAVING.
I'LL WALK YOU DOWN.
BYE, DAVID.
BYE.
WHY DON'T YOU COME OVER,
SPEND THE NIGHT.
I CAN'T, I'VE GOTTA BE
IN PASADENA TOMORROW MORNING,
IT'D ADD AN EXTRA
HOUR TO MY TRIP.
OKAY.
GIVE ME FIVE MINUTES,
I'LL FOLLOW YOU.
TONIGHT WASN'T
SO BAD, WAS IT ?
I SUPPOSE NOT.
I DON'T KNOW WHY
I WAS SO NERVOUS.
I MEAN, FOR HEAVEN'S SAKE,
I GAVE BIRTH TO THOSE PEOPLE.
YOU KNOW WHAT OCCURRED TO ME
TONIGHT THAT'S REALLY STRANGE ?
I WISH YOU'D
KNOWN MY HUSBAND.
I THINK THE TWO OF YOU
WOULD'VE LIKED EACH OTHER.
OH, RUTH.
WHO WOULD GET ME
A GIFT BASKET ?
IT'S PROBABLY SOME HOLLYWOOD
BIGWIG YOU WORK ON
THAT SECRETLY
WANTS TO SLEEP WITH YOU.
IT'S FROM
MY BROTHER.
AND IT IS ADDRESSED
TO BOTH OF US.
"SORRY ABOUT THIS MORNING,
HAVE FUN AT CACT US WORLD".
WHO KNOWS ?
THIS IS NICE, WE CAN
TAKE IT WITH US THIS WEEKEND.
I CANNOT WAIT
TO GET OUT OF HERE.
I'M IN DIRE NEED OF SOME
SERIOUS RELAXATION.
( gasping )
OH, FABULOUS.
SMOKED OYSTERS.
REALLY, IS THERE
ANY CAVIAR ?
AH, NO, BUT
THERE ARE CONDOMS.
AND, OKAY,
EDIBLE UNDERPANTS.
THAT'S
A LITTLE SCARY.
I'D SAY THIS WHOLE THING'S
NO, IT JUST MEANS
HE LIKES YOU.
BELIEVE ME, THERE ARE GUYS
BILLY DIDN'T LIKE,
IT'S MUCH BETTER
THIS WAY.
I'VE BEEN MEANING
TO ASK YOU,
WHAT'S UP WITH THOSE
MATCHING TATTOOS
YOU AND HE HAVE ?
WE WERE IN VEGAS,
WE WERE VERY DRUNK,
AN D--
OH, DEAR.
THESE THINGS ALWAYS STRUCK ME
AS KIND OF RIDICULOUS.
WOULD YOU JUST
STOP THAT ?
WHAT DOES HE THINK
WE'RE GONNA DO WITH THIS ?
BRENDA, THIS IS
LIKE, HOSTILE.
LOOK, BILLY'S BIPOLAR.
HE'S MEDICATED.
HIS SENSE OF
WHAT'S APPROPRIATE CAN BE
A LITTLE OFF
AT TIMES.
LOOK, YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT HE'S BEEN THROUGH.
DON'T JUDGE HIM,
PLEASE.
ALRIGHT.
THANK YOU.
( male )
You're never gonna work your way
out of this one, soldier.
I was nowhere _
near the latrine, Sir.
I promise.
Give it up, Private,
your aSS is busted.
Yeah, you're in
big trouble.
But my father's on
the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Well, maybe we can't
court marshall you,
but there iS
something else we can do.
Yeah, come on,
Private, yeah.
( phone )
You love that,
don't you ?
( tv shuts off)
HELLO ?
DAVID,
WALTER KRIEGENTHALER.
DID YOU MEET
WITH FATHER CLARK ?
YES, TODAY.
We'd like to meet at
9:30 tomorrow and vote.
Can you make it ?
ABSOLUTELY.
LET ME ASK YOU
A QUESTION, DAVID.
DO YOU THINK
CLARK IS GAY ?
UH...
I DON'T THINK SO,
HE MENTIONED SOMETHING ABOUT
HAVING A DECEASED WIFE.
I mean,
I don't care if he is.
I just don't want him
to push that agenda.
You know, marriage,
that whole thing.
I HAVE A COUSIN IN D.C.
WHOSE CHURCH SPLIT
BECAUSE OF THAT.
LITERALLY HALF
THE CONGREGATION LEFT.
I don't wanna see that
happen to St. Bart's.
I've been going there
for 40 years.
Well, it's late,
I'll see you tomorrow morning.
Goodnight.
OKAY, I GOT VICTOR,
BUT I CALLED THE NATIONAL
CEMETERY FROM THE CAR
AND YOU KNOW WHAT ?
THEY CAN BURY AN URN.
THEY CALL IT IN-URN-MENT,
WE CAN DO IT TODAY AT THREE.
WHY ARE YOU SO DETERMINED
TO SABOTAGE OUR BUSINESS ?
I DON'T THINK PAUL EVER KNEW
HOW HIS BROTHER REALLY FELT.
NATE, WHY DO YOU
EVEN CARE ?
BECAUSE IT'S WHAT
VICTOR WANTED.
AND HE DESERVES IT,
HE GOT A RAW FUCKIN' DEAL.
I'M TELLIN' YOU, VICTOR KOVITCH
DID NOT HATE THE ARMY.
YOU JUST WATCH THESE TAPES
HE MADE IN THE GULF.
( male )
YeS, sir,
fuck me, Sergeant.
Give it to me.
OH, COME ON !
COME ON,
THAT WAS FUNNY !
I HAVE SOMEPLACE
I HAVE TO BE.
DAVE, DAVE, IT'S OKAY,
I WATCH PORN TOO !
( whispering and giggling )
SO, YOU GUYS TAKING THE P.S.A.T.
THIS AFTERNOON TOO ?
UH... YEAH.
SO, WHAT HAPPENS
TO YOU GUYS ?
I GO TO U.C. IRVINE
AND NORTHWESTERN LAW,
MEET A TOTALLY GREAT GUY,
HE'S A TRIATHLETE,
WE GET MARRIED AND I PRACTICE
LAW FOR EIGHT YEARS,
AND WE GET
REALLY RICH,
AND THEN I HAVE
TWO GREAT KIDS.
SO YOU'RE, LIKE,
UNBELIEVABLY HAPPY ?
KIND OF.
I GET A MASTER'S
IN FRENCH
AND THEN LIVE IN PARIS
FOR SIX MONTHS,
AND HATE IT,
SO, I COME BACK, BECOME
A TV DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE,
AND I WORK OUT
ALL THE TIME.
I'M FAIRLY MISERABLE
AND HAVE A SLIGHT
SUBSTANCE ABUSE PROBLEM.
BUT YOU LOOK GREAT.
THAN KS.
I START AN INTERIOR
LIGHTING DESIGN FIRM
WITH MY COLLEGE ROOMMATE,
AND IT TOTALLY TAKES OFF.
AND THEN I DIE
OF OVARIAN CANCER
BEFORE I'M 30.
OH, THAT SUCKS.
TELL ME ABOUT IT.
WELL, GOOD LUCK.
WHAT A FREAK.
FATHER JACK ?
DAVID.
COME IN,
SIT.
AND CALL ME JACK,
WE'RE BEYOND THAT.
MEETING OVER
ALREADY ?
YES.
DAMN.
WE ALL ADMIRE
CLARK'S ENERGY,
BUT THERE IS SOME CONCERN
THAT HE MAY END UP
BEING DIVISIVE.
AS YOU SAID YOURSELF,
IF WE HAVE TO GO BACK AND
START OVER FROM THE BEGINNING--
AND FIND SOME
CONSERVATIVE LAPDOG
WHO WON'T
CHALLENGE ANYBODY ?
YEAH, THAT'S WHAT
WE NEED HERE.
SCOTCH ?
NO, THANK YOU.
CLARK THOUGHT HE CAME ON
A LITTLE TOO STRONG WITH YOU.
I LIKED HIM, JACK.
I THINK THE WORLD WOULD
BE A BETTER PLACE
IF THERE WERE
MORE MEN LIKE HIM.
I JUST DON'T THINK THAT
HE'S A GOOD FIT FOR ST. BART'S.
DO YOU REALLY THINK
THAT FATHER CLARK
WOULD BE HAPPY HERE ?
WHY SHOULD HE
BE HAPPY ?
HOW HAPPY ARE YOU ?
YOU'RE RIGHT,
I'M NOT HAPPY.
MY LIFE IS VERY COMPLICATED
AND CONFUSING.
I'VE EXPERIENCED
A LOT OF LOSS RECENTLY,
MY FATHER
AND MY--
AND THE ONE THING
THAT HELPS ME TO DEAL WITH IT
IS HAVING A PLACE
THAT HASN'T CHANGED,
LIKE EVERYTHING ELSE
IN MY LIFE.
THERE'S A REASON
THEY CALL IT A SANCTUARY.
I THINK THE MAJORITY
OF OUR CONGREGATION
FEELS THE SAME WAY.
AND MY RESPONSIBILITY
IS TO THEM, NOT YOU.
WELL, I'VE GOT
A BUSINESS TO RUN.
( phone )
YO.
SPEAKING.
YES...
WHAT CAN I DO FOR YOU,
MR. GILARDI ?
HERE, THIS IS
GOOD CHOICE HERE.
I DON'T
LIKE YELLOW.
THE BRIDESMAID'S DRESSES
ARE LILAC.
IF THE FLOWERS ARE YELLOW
IT'S GONNA LOOK LIKE
AN EASTER EGG HUNT.
HOW ABOUT
WHITE TULIPS ?
VERY SIMPLE.
JUST BUNCHED TOGETHER
WITH A RIBBON.
I WAS KINDA THINKING I WOULD BE
THE ONLY ONE WITH WHITE FLOWERS.
OR,
YOU COULD BE THE ONLY ONE
HOLDING A GORGEOUS
BOUQUET OF COLOR
AGAINST YOUR
WHITE DRESS.
PEOPLE DO THAT ?
IT'S YOUR DAY, YOU CAN DO
WHATEVER YOU WANT.
DON'T YOU THINK
THAT WOULD BE PRETTY ?
MM-HMM.
I LOVE
THE TULIPS THING.
TULIPS ARE ONE OF
MY FAVORITE FLOWERS.
SO GRACEFUL
AND CLASSIC,
LIKE LITTLE
BALLERINAS.
THE ONLY REASON
I EVEN MET VICTOR
WAS I JUMPED OFF A HUMVEE
AND BROKE MY FEET.
HERE I AM IN THE HOSPITAL
WITH THIS GUY WHO'S DYING,
IT TURNS OUT,
LISTENING
TO ME COMPLAIN.
PLAYING CARDS,
GIVING ME HIS DESSERT.
I WISH
HE DIDN'T DIE.
IT SUCKS.
THANK YOU.
HAVE YOU HEARD
FROM PAUL YET ?
NOT SINCE I TOLD HIM
HIS BROTHER WAS READY
TO BE PICKED UP.
WELL, WITHOUT
HIS CONSENT IN WRITING,
I CANNOT ALLOW THIS FUNERAL
TO TAKE PLACE.
FINE.
AT LEAST WE'LL KNOW
WE MADE AN EFFORT.
WHEN WE WERE
IN THE GULF
VICTOR USED TO
MAKE TH ESE VIDEOTAPES
TO SEND HOME TO HIS FAMILY.
WE WERE ALWAYS
GIVING HIM A HARD TIME.
MESSING HIM UP.
HE WAS A REAL
GOOD SPORT.
THE PERPETUAL OPTIMIST.
SO, MY BROTHER
READY ?
YES, HE'S RIGHT
IN HERE.
WHAT IS THIS ?
VICTOR'S FRIENDS
WANTED TO SAY GOODBYE.
THE HOSPITAL REFERRED THEM,
IT'S NO PROBLEM FOR US.
AND NO CHARGE
TO YOU.
EXCUSE ME,
ARE YOU HIS BROTHER ?
YES, I'M PAUL.
THIS MAN HERE, I DON'T KNOW
IF YOU PEOPLE KNOW IT,
WAS LIKE A LION
FOR VICTOR.
HE MADE FEDERAL WAVES OVER
VICTOR'S DISABILITY CASE.
I FOUND A COUPLE OF PICTURES
OF US PLAYING BASEBALL.
VIC WAS A LOUSY BATTER
BUT A PRETTY GOOD INFIELDER.
HE'S GRINNING LIKE
SUCH A FOOL IN THESE.
I THOUGHT
YOU MIGHT LIKE 'EM.
YEAH.
YOU SICK ?
NO.
NEVER GOT SICK,
I DON'T KNOW WHY.
A LOT OF GUYS
I KNEW OVER THERE DID.
THAN KS.
THANK YOU FOR LETTING VICTOR
HAVE HIS MILITARY BURIAL.
EVEN THOUGH I KNOW
YOU WERE AGAINST IT.
I'M SURE THIS MEANS
A LOT TO HIM.
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS
MILITARY BURIAL SHIT ?
IT'S AN OPTION
THAT CAN EASILY BE CANCELED
AT NO CHARGE
TO YOU.
VICTOR DIDN'T WANT
A MILITARY FUNERAL,
I TOLD YOU THAT.
YOU THINK
I'M LYING TO YOU ?
I THINK HE WAS AFRAID
TO TELL YOU WHAT HE WANTED.
HE FILLED OUT THOSE FORMS, PAUL,
HE KEPT THE VIDEOS.
THEY FILLED OUT
THOSE FORMS.
THIS IS ALL
FUCKING ARMY P.R.
AND I THREW THOSE FORMS
IN THE TRASH.
I'LL CALL THE SERVICE
OFF RIGHT NOW.
HE KEPT SAUDI ARABIAN CANDY
FOR 10 YEARS.
YOU JUST WANT TO
JACK UP YOUR PRICE.
NO, IT'S PAID FOR.
I JUST WANT YOUR BROTHER
TO HAVE THE FUNERAL
HE WANTED FOR HIMSELF
BECAUSE THAT'S
HIS RIGHT.
VICTOR WANTED TO BELIEVE
HE DIED FOR SOMETHING,
YOU REALLY WANNA
TAKE THAT AWAY FROM HIM ?
JESUS.
HE'S THE ONLY FAMILY
I HAD LEFT.
AND HE CAN'T EVEN TELL ME
WHAT HE WANTS WHEN HE'S DEAD ?
HE THOUGHT I WOULD'VE
TALKED HIM OUT OF THIS.
AND HE'S RIGHT,
I WOULD'VE.
WHY DON'T YOU
SIT WITH HIS FRIENDS ?
( male )
GLAD TO HAVE YOU HERE.
( loud clock ticking )
WHERE IS RUTH ?
SHE'S IN THE BACK.
CRYING.
( sobbing )
WHAT IS WRONG ?
IT'S THE SMELL
OF THE FLOWERS.
YOU'LL GET
USED TO IT.
I AM USED TO IT !
TODAY I HELPED PEOPLE
CHOOSE FLOWERS FOR WEDDINGS,
FOR AN NIVERSARI ES,
FOR NEW BABIES.
I CAN'T REMEMBER
BEING SURROUNDED
BY SO MUCH HAPPINESS.
I'M USED TO
THE SMELL OF FLOWERS
MEANING SOMETHING
COMPLETELY DIFFERENT.
I'M USED TO PEOPLE CRYING
AND BEING EXHAUSTED.
PEOPLE BEING
SHATTERED !
DO NOT WORRY.
WE GET
FUNERALS TOO.
I'M SO HAPPY, I CAN'T WAIT
TO COME BACK TOMORROW.
YOU'RE NOT GOING TO BE LIKE THIS
EVERYDAY THOUGH, RIGHT ?
( bugle playing "Taps" )
THIS FLAG IS PRESENTED
ON BEHALF OF A GRATEFUL NATION
AS A TOKEN
OF OUR APPRECIATION
FOR HONORABLE
AND FAITHFUL SERVICES
RENDERED BY
YOUR LOVED ONE.
GIVE IT
TO ONE OF HIS FRIENDS.
I LOVE YOU,
DAVID.
I ALWAYS WILL.
I COULD GET HIT BY A BUS ON
THE WAY TO THE DESERT TONIGHT.
JUST WANTED TO MAKE SURE
YOU KNEW THAT.
I LOVE YOU, TOO.
YOU DID
THE RIGHT THING TODAY.
I KNOW, FEELS KINDA GOOD,
DOESN'T IT ?
HELLO.
SHE CAN'T GO.
WHY NOT ?
SHE HAS TO HELP ME
PICK PRINTS FOR MY SHOW.
DOES SHE HAVE TO
DO IT TONIGHT ?
YES, SHE HAS TO
DO IT TONIGHT.
BILLY'S GOT A SHOW COMING UP
AT A GALLERY IN WESTWOOD.
SOMETIMES SHE GIVES ME HER EYES
BECAUSE SOMETIMES I GO BLIND.
46 HOURS I'VE BEEN
LOOKING AT THESE PICTURES
AND SOMETIMES I SEE
AMAZING THINGS,
AND SOMETIMES
I JUST SEE SHAPES
AND THAT'S WHEN
I GO BLIND.
BECAUSE WHAT IF I LOST THE
ABILITY TO TELL THE DIFFERENCE ?
FOR REAL ?
FOR GOOD ?
YOU WON'T.
YOU SAY THAT AND THEN
YOU GIVE ME YOUR EYES.
BUT WHAT IF ONE DAY
I CAN'T GIVE THEM BACK TO YOU ?
WELL, THAT WON'T HAPPEN,
WE WON'T LET THAT HAPPEN.
AH, GOD,
THIS IS CRAP !
THIS IS PRETENTIOUS,
DERIVATIVE CRAP !
THEN THAT'S ONE LESS
YOU HAVE TO CONSIDER.
RIGHT ?
RIGHT.
BILLY, I'M GONNA TALK
TO NATE ON THE PORCH, OKAY ?
THEN HE'S GONNA
GO AWAY.
WE'LL BE
RIGHT OUTSIDE.
PICK OUT
FIVE YOU LIKE
AND YOU CAN SHOW 'EM TO ME
WHEN I COME BACK.
ONLY FIVE ?
OR 10, OR 20.
AND I'LL LOOK AT THEM
AND I'LL TELL YOU WHAT I SEE.
OKAY.
YOU CAN FUCK HER
SOME OTHER TIME.
SORRY.
HE'S OBVIOUSLY
OFF HIS MEDS.
INTENTIONALLY ?
NO, IT HAPPENS
OCCASIONALLY.
IT'S BEEN A WHILE.
BRENDA, COME ON.
SORRY, NATE,
I CAN'T.
I'M ALL HE HAS
WHEN HE'S LIKE THIS.
YOU ARE LETTING HIM
MANIPULATE YOU.
YOU DON'T KNOW HIM.
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT HE'S DOING.
I KNOW
HE DIDN'T LIKE ME,
AND I HAVE A FEELING
HE DOESN'T LIKE
ANY MAN IN YOUR LIFE.
AM I RIGHT ?
ANSWER ME !
WHAT, YOU THINK
I FUCKED MY BROTHER ?
JESUS, I NEVER
SAID THAT.
NATE, HE'S SICK !
HE'S MY BROTHER
AND HE'S SICK !
AND HE NEEDS ME.
THIS IS WHO I AM,
THIS IS WHAT YOU GET.
FUCK YOU.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW MUCH
I WANTED TO GO WITH YOU.
CAN I DO ANYTHING
TO HELP ?
YEAH, YOU CAN
GO TO THE DESERT
AND SIT IN MUD AND RELAX
AND FORGET ABOUT EVERYTHING.
INCLUDING US.
AH, SHIT.
JUST GO, OKAY ?
GODDAMNIT.
( door Closing )
Captions Copyright 2001
HOME BOX OFFICE
A Division of TIME WARNER
ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, LP.
Captioned by
HBO COMMUNICATIONS CENTER